People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
If I were two faced, would I be wearing this one?
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
War is God’s way of teaching Americans geography.
It would be nice to spend billions on schools and roads, but right now that money is desperately needed for political ads.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
At every party there are two kinds of people those who want to go home and those who don’t. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly to someone else.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
I don’t believe in astrology; I am a Sagittarius and we’re skeptical.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target.
Trouble knocked at the door but hearing laughter hurried away.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter do not mind.
Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease.
If there is anything the nonconformist hates worse than a conformist, it is another nonconformist who doesn’t conform to the prevailing standard of nonconformity.
Money won’t buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that who cares? He’s a mile away and you’ve got his shoes.
I’ve always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives.
If you’re going to tell people the truth, be funny or they’ll kill you.
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you do not need it.
Inside me there is a thin person struggling to get out, but I can usually sedate him with four or five cupcakes.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
As a child my family’s menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
My favorite machine at the gym is the vending machine.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
He who laughs last did not get the joke.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Political correctness is tyranny with manners.
High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead.
If you love something set it free, but don’t be surprised if it comes back with herpes.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. I’m beginning to believe it.
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, At my age, I don’t even buy green bananas.
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
I’m too drunk to taste this chicken.
A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study Duh.
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else’s can shorten it.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know.
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person’s plate.
Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Everyone has a purpose in life Perhaps yours is watching television.
A failure is like fertilizer it stinks to be sure, but it makes things grow faster in the future.
Biologically speaking, if something bites you it is more likely to be female.
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Never doubt the courage of the French. They were the ones who discovered that snails are edible.
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don’t know the answer.
Don’t cry because it is over. Smile because it happened.
An alcoholic is someone you don’t like who drinks as much as you do.
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
The duty of a patriot is to protect his country from its government.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
A woman is like a tea bag you can’t tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn’t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Leave something for someone but do not leave someone for something.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Never have more children than you have car windows.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Marriage is the only war in which you sleep with the enemy.
I can’t understand why a person will take a year to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
The first time I sang in the church choir; two hundred people changed their religion.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close knit family in another city.
If you live to be one hundred, you’ve got it made. Very few people die past that age.
You know you’re getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you’re down there.
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me. they are cramming for their final exam.
I’m in shape. Round is a shape.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
Whoever said money cannot buy happiness did not know where to shop.
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Here’s to our wives and girlfriends may they never meet.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
If you find it hard to laugh at yourself, I would be happy to do it for you.
Marriage is the chief cause of divorce.
A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers.
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
It is only when you look at an ant through a magnifying glass on a sunny day that you realize how often they burst into flames.
It is a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it is a depression when you lose yours.
Before marriage, a man declares that he would lay down his life to serve you; after marriage, he will not even lay down his newspaper to talk to you.
Life begins at forty; but so do fallen arches, rheumatism, faulty eyesight, and the tendency to tell a story to the same person, three or four times.
I have got all the money I will ever need, if I die by four o’clock.
If you are going to do something tonight that you’ll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
All men are equal before fish.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
My wife Mary and I have been married for forty seven years and not once have we had an argument serious enough to consider divorce; murder? yes. but divorce? never.
Money is not the most important thing in the world. Love is. Fortunately, I love money.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
When we talk to God, we’re praying. When God talks to us, we’re schizophrenic.
Men are like shoes. Some fit better than others. And sometimes you go out shopping and there’s nothing you like. And then, as luck would have it, the next week you find two that are perfect, but you don’t have the money to buy both.
According to a new survey, ninety percent of men say their lover is also their best friend. Which is really kind of disturbing when you consider man’s best friend is his dog.
My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of other pessimists.
It is amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Laugh a lot. It burns a lot of calories.
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat.
The simple act of opening a bottle of wine has brought more happiness to the human race than all the collective governments in the history of earth.
Americans are incredibly inpatient. Someone once said that the shortest period of time in America is the time between when the light turns green and when you hear the first horn honk.
Age is just a number. It’s totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Why is there so much month left at the end of the money.
I’ve come to view Jesus much the way I view Elvis. I love the guy but the fan clubs really freak me out.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward.
Life is hard; it is harder if you’re stupid.
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed.
The greatest thief this world has ever produced is procrastination, and he is still at large.
The secret of the demagogue is to make himself as stupid as his audience so they believe they are clever as he.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
That’s the funny thing about life. We are rarely aware of the bullets we dodge. The just misses. The almost never happens. We spend so much time worrying about how the future is going to play out and not nearly enough time admiring the precious perfection of the present.
A man does not know what he knows until he knows what he does not know.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
If you’re too open minded; your brains will fall out.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
The road to success is always under construction.
Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
Don’t keep a man guessing too long he’s sure to find the answer somewhere else.
I am not for everyone. I am barely for me.
Cleaning up with children around is like shoveling during a blizzard.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you do not mind, it doesn’t matter.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened.
I am only human, although I regret it.
I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you do not want, drink what you do not like, and do what you would rather not.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Worrying is like paying a debt you do not owe.
Do not make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans or they will treat you like dogs.
Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They’re about to announce the lottery numbers.
God is at home, it is we who have gone out for a walk.
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands.
My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. I think he was right. I feel ten years older already.
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.
I prefer someone who burns the flag and then wraps themselves up in the Constitution over someone who burns the Constitution and then wraps themselves up in the flag.
It’s just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
It is always darkest before the dawn. So if you’re going to steal your neighbor’s newspaper, that’s the time to do it.
The only thing that stops God from sending another flood is that the first one was useless.
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren’t smart enough to get out of jury duty.
As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can’t remember the other two.
Ask me no questions, and I will tell you no lies.
If you must make a noise, make it quietly.
A woman’s mind is cleaner than a man’s: She changes it more often.
Man has his will, but woman has her way.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m schizophrenic, and so am I.
There is a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility; there are so few of us left.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
Always forgive your enemies nothing annoys them so much.
I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.
I can resist everything except temptation.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about its use. It is hitting below the intellect.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Of all the things I have lost I miss my mind the most.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it is unfamiliar territory.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
I have learned from my mistakes, and I am sure I can repeat them exactly.
I want my children to have all the things I could not afford. Then I want to move in with them.
We spend the first twelve months of our children’s lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up.
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it is either a new car or a new wife.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
The less Holy Spirit we have, the more cake and coffee we need to keep the church going.
If you lived with a roommate as unstable as this economic system, you would’ve moved out or demanded that your roommate get professional help.
When you are in love it is the most glorious two and a half days of your life.
Lead me not into temptation; I can find the way myself.
I love being married. It is so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
When I eventually met Mr. Right, I had no idea that his first name was Always.
If you have a secret, people will sit a little bit closer.
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
All my life I’ve wanted, just once, to say something clever without losing my train of thought.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
We are all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness  and call it love  true love.
Older people should not eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.
I am sorry, if you were right, I would agree with you.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you are ugly too.
We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations we’re doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.
I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.
It is true hard work never killed anybody, but I figure, why take the chance.
Have no fear of perfection. You will never reach it.
Inflation is when you pay fifteen dollars for the ten dollar haircut you used to get for five dollars when you had hair.
A verbal contract is not worth the paper it is written on.
I do not think anyone should write their autobiography until after they are dead.
I do not want any yes men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their job.
I wish I were dumber so I could be more certain about my opinions. It looks fun.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions.
The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
You cannot be anything if you want to be everything.
If any of you cry at my funeral I will never speak to you again.
Folks, I do not trust children. They are here to replace us.
Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
It does not matter whether you win or lose, what matters is whether I win or lose.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
You cannot have everything. Where would you put it.
The world is a globe. The farther you sail, the closer to home you are.
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you would not sit for a month.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.
Happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly attributed by the living to the dead, now usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults.
I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
I hate women because they always know where things are.
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake.
If at first you do not succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There is no point in being a damn fool about it.
We are all here on earth to help others. What on earth the others are here for I don’t know.
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
My doctor gave me six months to live, but when I could not pay the bill he gave me six months more.
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.
When I die, I want to die like my grandfather who died peacefully in his sleep. Not screaming like all the passengers in his car.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life.
I don’t want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
I am such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
Marriage is like mushrooms: we notice too late if they are good or bad.
Everybody laughs the same in every language because laughter is a universal connection.
Always go to other people’s funerals, otherwise they will not come to yours.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
You have got to be very careful if you don’t know where you are going, because you might not get there.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing  that is why we recommend it daily.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he is finished.
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I cannot see.
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany does not want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named Bush, Dick, and Colin. Need I say more.
Well, do not expect us to be too impressed. We just saw a man in his underwear.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator.
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
That is why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he was not a professional, the knife had butter on it.
Do not be so humble you are not that great.
A word to the wise ain't necessary, it is the stupid ones who need advice.
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week.
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
Knowledge is like underwear. It is useful to have it, but not necessary to show it off.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
It is okay if you do not like me. Not everyone has good taste.
Everything is changing. People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
The four most beautiful words in our common language I told you so.
It is very nice now that when people wave at me they use all their fingers.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don’t want, drink what you do not like, and do what you would rather not.
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I will consider it.
When nothing is going right, go left.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Puns are the highest form of literature.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Do not judge me. I was born to be awesome, not perfect.
My life feels like a test I did not study for.
My bed is a magical place where I suddenly remember everything I forgot to do.
I do not go crazy. I am crazy. I just go normal from time to time.
Everything happens for a reason. But sometimes the reason is that you’re stupid and you make bad decisions.
Sometimes I want to go back in time and punch myself in the face.
My brain has too many tabs open.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
If you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror movie. After a while it won’t feel like you are alone anymore.
In this horrible time, let us at least be bolstered by small miracles like finding out your ex moved to a different city.
If we are not meant to have midnight snacks, why is there a light in the fridge.
You will never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
I am not lazy. I am on energy saving mode.
What was your key motivation for this piece.
Men cannot live by bread alone he must have peanut butter.
I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous everyone hasn’t met me yet.
I could tell that my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
My doctor told me to watch my drinking. Now I drink in front of a mirror.
I found there was only one way to look thin hang out with fat people.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
You are only as good as your last haircut.
What a nice night for an evening.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Am I perfect? No. But am I striving to be a better person every day? Also no.
Love is blind friendship tries not to notice.
It is only because of their stupidity that they’re able to be so sure of themselves.
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have.
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it is a beautiful day.
As your best friend I will always pick you up when you fall, after I finish laughing.
If you ran like your mouth, you would be in good shape.
I am not arguing. I am simply explaining why I am right.
Friends are people who know you really well and like you anyway.
If you are going to do something tonight that you will be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
If you are hotter than me, then that means I am cooler than you.
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
The happier we get, the less we see.
you can drag my body to school but my spirit refuses to go.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Education can get you the only thing that really matters in today’s world an assigned parking space.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
No wonder the teacher knows so much she has the book.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
People learn something every day, and a lot of times it is that what they learned the day before was wrong.
the human brain is special. It starts working as soon as you get up and it does not stop until you get to school.
When a teacher calls a boy by his entire name, it means trouble.
School is learning things you do not want to know, surrounded by people you wish you did not know, while working toward a future you do not know will ever come.
The most important thing we learn at school is the fact that the most important things cannot be learned at school.
I go to school, but I never learn what I want to know.
My career plans were much more exciting.
A boss on vacation is the most cost effective measure Everybody in the office has a vacation at the cost of one.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
So many books, so little time.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life; it goes on.
If you want to know what a man is like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
If you tell the truth, you do not have to remember anything.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did not do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak.
Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.
My mama always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you are gonna get.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Life would be tragic if it were not funny.
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
The tragedy of life is that we get old too soon and wise too late.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
If you can do what you do best and be happy, you are further along in life than most people.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
There are no mistakes, only opportunities.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Happiness is the feeling that power increases that resistance is being overcome.
I believe you make your day. You make your life. So much of it is all perception, and this is the form that I built for myself. I have to accept it and work within those compounds, and it is up to me.
The minute that you are not learning I believe you are dead.
Life is tough, but it is tougher when you are stupid.
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time-consuming.
A perfectionist walked into a bar. Apparently, the bar was not set high enough.
Did you hear about the crook who stole a calendar? He got twelve months.
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I do not know and I do not care.
I own the world's worst thesaurus. Not only is it awful, it is awful.
I woke up this morning and forgot which side the sun rises from, then it dawned on me.
Velcro. What a rip-off.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
The best thing about good old days is that we were neither good nor old.
I have clean conscience. I haven’t used it once until now.
Do I lose when the police officer says papers and I say scissors?
A lot of people cry when they cut onions. The trick is not to form an emotional bond.
I wrote a song about a tortilla. Well actually, it is more of a wrap.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so.
I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
Drama: a word boring people use to describe fun people.
We can teach kids there is no i in team, but it is way more important to teach them that there is no a in definitely.
The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it is still on the list.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
If I agreed with you we would both be wrong.
War does not determine who is right only who is left.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea, does that mean that one person enjoys it?
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Some people are like Slinkies; not really good for anything, but you cannot help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I did not say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
It is not the fall that kills you; it is the sudden stop at the end.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you are ugly too.
Money cannot buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
I always take life with a grain of salt, plus a slice of lemon, and a shot of tequila.
